TypeScript: Fixed to break line and add a semi in one execution on one line long mapped types (#6420)
prettier/prettier: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

)[];
```

#### TypeScript: Fixed to break line and add a semicolon in one execution on one line long mapped types ([#6420] by [@sosukesuzuki])

> Previously, when Prettier formats long one line mapped types, breaks line but doesn't add semicolon. This bug also breaks idempotency because it adds a semicolon when run once and then again. This bug also breaks idempotency because it adds a semicolon when run again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when Prettier formatted long, one-line mapped types, it would break the line but didn’t add a semicolon – until you ran Prettier again (which broke Prettier’s idempotency rule). Now, Prettier adds the semicolon in the first run, fixing the issue.

```
